Realistically,
the major issues are
with PDF documents.
Title: Problematic PDFs
Bane of my life
but loved by organisations.
With PDF... Honestly, why we keep using PDF,
I don't know.
We've got epub three, we've got HTML.
There are massive issues around PDF
where... I also use
an electronic braille display.
And so
the PDFs need to be converted
to plain text
so I can access it with the braille.
But then you lose all the formatting
Yes. PDF. Certain formats of pdf.
So for example, when you're online,
you’re doing your training,
you're asked to refer to a document.
I would attempt to download that document
so that I can convert it,
so I can read it.
Normally what I would do save it.
Use the high contrast filter on it.
Unfortunately, some PDFs
when they're saved,
you lose all the formatting
so you're unable to see the headings.
You're unable to make much sense of it,
especially if you're completing a
you're completing a test
within the timeframe
which some of our training
requires us to do.
Untagged PDF documents,
they are like,
I have to convert them into Word,
so I can make them accessible
and keep my accessibility checker on so
I can work on those documents.
so I can tell you
about how PDFs interrupt my workflow,
and I think workflow is a really good way
of thinking about it because you think,
right, 9:00 at work got my coffee, open,
my emails, start to use them,
and you're like: ‘Great,
I'm going to use this, I'm going to open this,
I'm going to action it’ and then
you  go: ‘bom, bom, bom, bom’.
Can't go any further
because the document is not accessible.
So what you had planned that half an hour
chunked out to do that work.
You can't do that work.
And then often when you've got a document
that's not accessible,
the first thing that the person on
the other side says is,: ‘Well,
what's wrong with it?’
And I can't just say, it doesn't read out
or JAWS doesn't work with it.
I need to really... they want me to give them
some detailed instruction
on how to fix it.
So you become responsible
for identifying the problem.
Then you become responsible for trying
to train the person in fixing the problem.
Yet that is not
what you're employed to do at work.
But if you don't do that education piece
and get them engaged, you're not likely
to get the document back.